	This file will help you learn to use the Epistemic Modal Logic Playground! It contains details on what features the 
playground contains and how you can use them in your modal. 
	The evaluate a formula feature allows you to evaluate propositional formulas at this model (modal evaluations coming soon)!
The formula will be evaluated at the world currently selected to display. To evaluate atoms, type the name of the atom. Try
using the following commands for other formula components. Here, F is any formula:

		English        		||   Modal Language
		Not F           	 -        ~F
		F1 and F2       	 -      F1 & F2
		F1 or F2        	 -      F1 | F2
		F1 implies F2   	 -      F1 -> F2
		F1 iff F2       	 -      F1 <-> F2
		agent A knows F		 -		K[A](F)
		For all agent A
			knows, F		 -		M[A](F)

		
IMPORTANT: With the exception of the not operator, you MUST include exactly one space on either side of an operator between the 
two formulas that it connects! For example, F1 & F2 and F1 & F2 | F3 are valid formulas, but F1&F2 and F1  |  F2 are not
For the not operator, make sure that there are no spaces between it and the formula that it is negating. ~F is a valid formula, 
but ~ F is not a valid formula. The code currently cannot distinguish between formulas that are false and formulas that are 
syntactically incorrect, so make sure to pay close attention to the syntax of your formulas. You can also stack this operator!
Try it!
Note that the program is now capable of processing the K and M operators! It can also now parse parthenetical operators around
complex formulas, e.g. ones that contain at least one other operator. Use the syntax "(F1 * F2)", with no spaces between your 
formula and the enclosing parenthesis.

On Valid Names:
	Because the program relies on the syntax of how modal formulas are typed in order to decipher them, there are some potential
names for agents and atoms that the program will not allow you to use. Neither agents nor atoms can contain parenthesis
or braces, and atoms are not allowed to begin with a capital 'K' or capital 'M', since these are the symbols for "knows"
and "might be the case that". The names of atoms are also not allowed to contain spaces. There is only one restriction on the
naming of worlds: no world may be named "all".